Add inbound delivery example and documentation (#16)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery: examples/README.md

# Examples

> The S/4 HANA Delivery and Transporation Ballerina connectors provide practical examples illustrating usage in various

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The S/4 HANA Delivery Ballerina connectors provide practical examples illustrating usage in various
```

Author: Updated in [Update reviewed changes](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery/pull/16/commits/8650b99db9b8e7a6078a7120025cc0bf81979c17)

scenarios. Explore
these [examples](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery/tree/main/examples), covering
use cases like accessing S/4HANA Customer Returns Delivery API and S/4HANA Inbound Delivery API.

1. [S/4HANA to Gmail Intergration](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery/tree/main/examples/returns-from-sap) -
   Demonstrates leveraging the `sap.s4hana.api_customer_returns_delivery_srv_0002:Client` in Ballerina for S/4HANA API interactions. It
   specifically showcases how to retrieve customer returns delivery items and send an email containing a report on the returns delivery items
   in the S/4HANA SD module.

> 2. [Processing XML Files of Inbound Deliveries to S/4HANA](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery/tree/main/examples/inbound-deliveries-to-sap) - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Integrate warehouse systemk with S/4HANA](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery/tree/main/examples/inbound-deliveries-to-sap) - 
```

Author: Updated in [Update reviewed changes](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.delivery/pull/16/commits/8650b99db9b8e7a6078a7120025cc0bf81979c17)
